PA-11941 SAST Github Action (#1)
soos-io/soos-sast-github-action: README.md

# [SOOS SAST](https://soos.io/products/sast)

SOOS is an independent software security company, located in Winooski, VT USA, building security software for your team. [SOOS, Software security, simplified](https://soos.io).

> Use SOOS to scan your software for [vulnerabilities](https://app.soos.io/research/vulnerabilities) and [open source license](https://app.soos.io/research/licenses) issues with [SOOS Core SCA](https://soos.io/sca-product). [Generate SBOMs](https://kb.soos.io/help/generating-a-software-bill-of-materials-sbom). Govern your open source dependencies. Run the [SOOS DAST vulnerability scanner](https://soos.io/dast-product) against your web apps or APIs.

Reviewer: change product links e.g. products/sca products/dast

> Use SOOS to scan your software for [vulnerabilities](https://app.soos.io/research/vulnerabilities) and [open source license](https://app.soos.io/research/licenses) issues with [SOOS Core SCA](https://soos.io/sca-product). [Generate SBOMs](https://kb.soos.io/help/generating-a-software-bill-of-materials-sbom). Govern your open source dependencies. Run the [SOOS DAST vulnerability scanner](https://soos.io/dast-product) against your web apps or APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use SOOS to scan your software for [vulnerabilities](https://app.soos.io/research/vulnerabilities) and [open source license](https://app.soos.io/research/licenses) issues with [SOOS Core SCA](https://soos.io/products/sca). [Generate SBOMs](https://kb.soos.io/help/soos-reports-for-export). Govern your open source dependencies. Run the [SOOS DAST vulnerability scanner](https://soos.io/products/dast) against your web apps or APIs.
```
